I make a $100,000 every month following
just one simple candle. As always, I'll
start with the proof. I received $83,000
in payouts to my Wise account this
month. I'll quickly go ahead and refresh
the page. This is where most of the prop
firms pay out.
I also received $38,000 in payouts from
Topstep. Topstep pays to Wise, not Wise.
Here they are.
Lastly, Lucid Trading pays directly to
my bank account. And I received a
$46,000 payout from my live account. So,
this totals about $160,000 for this
month. Now, I'm sure you're wondering
which candle is it? Well,
I can tell you for certain the candle is
the 9:29 a.m. candle every single day.
That is in EST, and it is a very, very
good representation of fair price of the
market. The reason for that is
when the market opens at 9:30, there is
an increase in volume, all of the
overnight orders are executed,
institutions are acting unfairly, and
price is manipulated. Now, the reason
why I use this candle specifically is I
trade reversions to this candle. It's a
very good It is a representation of fair
price. So, I'll just go through some
examples of how it played out through
the last seven trading days, and I hope
you can draw your own conclusions about
how powerful this candle is.
Now, literally all you have to do is
mark out the body of the 9:29 a.m.
candle, just like this. Use a rectangle,
and then this is going to be the fair
price for the day.
Most of the time, obviously external
factors like news will be changing this,
but majority of the time it is a fair
price, and you can treat it as so, and
then trade around it. So,
what this means is the market opens at
9:30. It starts right here, and it drops
all the way down instantly. I'm thinking
it's going to revert to the opening
price. I don't find an entry here
because it pretty much happened in one
candle, but just the idea of the market
having a fair price here is shown to be
correct.
Then, I do see an entry right here.
The reason why I take this entry is
according to my strategy. I like to
enter off of a break and close below the
previous structure. This is just
previous structure because it is below
these two candles right here.
And this closes below this. So, you can
take a trade back to the fair price
right here, just like that.
Now, I'll just show you how it played
out through the remainder of the day.
Obviously, it wicked down the entire
fair price and then continued up, which
I would call an unfair move. So, then I
would look for another short back into
the fair price. Following that, a very
large unfair move happened again, 10:30
a.m.
This is another case in which we could
look for a return to the fair price.
It doesn't do it instantly, but it is
able to get back to the fair price.
Usually, during the hours of 11:00 a.m.
to 1:00 p.m., the volume is dead and
it's unable to return to its fair price.
So, I'd recommend not trading during
these hours. Only do it for the first 90
minutes and then at the 2:00 p.m.
session. So, just looking in general how
this chart looks for this day, it opened
here,
dropped down, came back, jumped up, came
back, jumped up, came back, dropped
down, volume died, but it did come back.
At 2:00 p.m., it opened pretty much in
the fair price.
So, then I would assume any move away
from this 2:00 p.m. price would be
unfair. So, it looks like this move up
is unfair and then I would just trade a
reversion back down here. Same exact
entry model as at 9:30. Take shorts when
it breaks below structure, something
like this.
So, now I'm just going to go through a
bunch of examples from the past 6 days
and hopefully convince you that the 9:29
a.m. candle is the most fair price of
Nasdaq futures on average. So, you can
just look at how it played around that
today. Now, on Monday the 27th, do the
exact same thing. I will mark out the
body of the 9:29 a.m. candle and I will
extend it through the day so we can see
how it played around that.
Okay, so when it opened, it dropped off,
instantly came back to the fair price,
dropped off again, which would be unfair
move, came back again to the fair price,
dropped off again unfairly, came back to
the fair price. I can just keep saying
the same exact thing because it's going
to do the same exact thing 95% of the
time. So, as long as you're able to
create this bias of a fair price of the
Nasdaq futures, then you should be able
to create your own entry model
[clears throat] that will allow you to
successfully make money trading. The
next thing would be 2:00 p.m. session.
There is not much volume here, but we
could still assume the 9:29 is a fair
price and just trade a small short
reversion to the price here.
Uh so, pretty much the same thing as the
previous day. It kept retesting the fair
price pretty much all throughout the
day, and then eventually ended up
closing the day just a little bit above.
So, the theory plays out here as well.
You just need to master entries and
exits. Uh you can watch my strategy
video I posted a few weeks ago on how
specifically to do that. This video is
just to prove the 9:29 a.m. candle is
the most fair price of Nasdaq futures.
Next, we'll do Friday. 9:29 a.m. candle
right here.
It is very large, but we will mark it
out and see how it reacts throughout the
day. All right. So, the first thing we
get is
market opening right here, drops down,
comes back. So, it just consolidates
around the fair price for really long
time.
It finally moves down a considerable
amount away from the fair price, so you
could trade a reversion longs here.
Comes back to the fair price, drops
down, you could take another long here.
And then, by that time it hits 11:00
a.m. and I'm done trading for the
a.m. session.
It does considerably rise more. So, in
this day specifically, I would question,
was this actually the fair price or was
this news that caused this move up?
Honestly, it could be either. I think
just because of how the market sentiment
acted for
uh I'd say the the 12 hours after the
market open,
I would believe there was some sort of
war news that caused this, but
obviously I could be wrong and this
could just be an off day. But, on one of
the worst
like meaning farthest days away that
it's ended, one of the worst days,
we still had
two, maybe three opportunities at mean
reversion within the first 90 minutes,
which is
where we are trading.
Next, we'll look at Thursday,
Thursday, the 23rd.
Again, we'll mark out
the 9:29 a.m. candle body.
Just like that, no need to include the
wicks.
And the first thing we get is a little
drop off, but it comes back instantly on
the second
and fourth candle to the fair price.
Finally, we do get a move away from it
and going to trade a reversion back to
the fair price.
My entry model says enter below break of
structure and there we go, back in the
direction of fair price. Then it decides
to consolidate around the fair price for
a while, so there is no reversions to
trade in here.
It does move up a little bit. If you can
scalp this reversion, then good for you.
I'm usually done at 11:00 a.m. for the
day, but let's extend this candle and
see how it played out for the rest of
the day.
This obviously was news that caused this
move down. So, when news comes out and
that the 9:29 candle is no longer fair,
that's also why I prefer to stop trading
at 11:00 because the farther away you
get from it, the more likely news has
been released and changes fair price of
Nasdaq futures. So, you can't blindly
always trade in the direction of this.
You need to have news open. You need to
understand are moves like this caused by
news or are they caused by unfair moves
uh manipulating from institutions.
So, it did come all the way back to
almost the fair price, but that was
probably because of very, very bearish
news this specific day. All right, just
a few days left. Let's look at
Wednesday, the 22nd. Marking out the
body of the 9:29 a.m. candle.
Instantly, market drops off, so I'm
going to look to trade a reversion.
You can enter off of break of structure
as I usually do. Looks like you get a
good entry opportunity here. Nothing in
here is breaking structure until this
one. And this one's a little bit too
close to the fair price for me to
specifically take that entry. It would
have given you 17 points though if
you're scalping, which is great. This is
a preferred entry for me because it's
giving me 38 points, which is usually my
target for mean reversion trades.
And it breaks structure right here.
So, it came back to the fair price
pretty quickly. And then this moved all
the way up here would probably be some
sort of unfair move. So, I would look
for a reversion back down.
The entry would be probably this candle
right here.
Back in the direction of the fair price.
Unfortunately, this one loses and then
it hits 11:00 a.m. quickly after that.
So, I would be done trading for the day.
All of this consolidation up here
meaning there's no volume able to get
back to the price of the 9:29 a.m.
candle. So, I'd wait for the 2:00 p.m.
session to attempt one final short just
because 9:29 is a fair price and it is
so far below.
The decrease volume here from 11:00
until 1:00 means it wasn't able to get
back to the fair price.
So, when the 2:00 p.m. session opens
right here, I'm going to instantly start
looking for shorts. The first entry I
see after 2:00 p.m. in the direction of
shorts
would be this break of structure right
here because that is my only entry
criteria. This entry also works. Same
with this one. But this is just the
first break of structure I see. So, I
would enter here targeting 38 points and
hit take profit. After that, news is
going to cause it to move all the way up
here. And then this was
some other news that we do not care
about. 2 days left. Let's look at the
same thing on Tuesday. 9:29 a.m. candle.
Mark out the body of said candle.
Extend it throughout the day just to see
what it does at the end of the market.
Now market open, drops off instantly
trade a reversion. Very, very normal
setup. Oh, that's the wrong
Very, very normal setup to trade a
reversion here
or here, just in the direction of fair
price.
After it hits back to the fair price, it
seems to jump again unfairly. So, it
moves up out of the fair price. So, I
could look for one more reversion
entering off displacement here, here, or
break of structure here, just in the
direction of fair price.
And then it hits 11:00 a.m. So,
unfortunately, I would miss out on this
really great reversion trade just
because I'm done trading at 11:00, but
it is interesting to see how
it instantly drops off and then comes
back to the fair price. It does this
pretty much every single day that I've
gone over in this video. So, all you
have to do is structure a very good risk
management around that.
And obviously, get a good entry model
that decreases your chance of being
wicked out so you can realize your
expected value
of a biased trade back towards fair
value.
Obviously, news is going to change fair
value throughout the day, so you need to
be aware of that. So, on this specific
day, it looks like at 2:00 p.m. it's
going to start climbing back towards the
fair value price, and then obviously,
news was going to create this move down,
and then new news was going to create
this move up. So, news will change fair
value of the futures, but that is why
I'm usually done trading at 11:00
because
the farther away you are from the open,
the less fair that this price becomes.
The first 90 minutes is always great,
and I hope you realize that throughout
this video that the 9:29 a.m. candle is
the most fair price candle of the Nasdaq
futures. Nothing else. Just because the
move away from it right when the market
opens is 99.9% of the time it's going to
be unfair.
Off of that, just trade a reversion.
Now, let me just go over one final day.
I hope I've convinced you enough now.
Monday, 9:29 a.m. candle is here.
Mark out the body of the candle.
Market opens, drops off, reversion,
drops off, reversion. There we go. Drops
off, one more attempt at reversion. This
one's a loss, but that's fine. And then
it hits 11:00 a.m. and we are done
looking for a reversion.
This
looks to me like it was caused by news
just because this move down here
includes this candle where the wick of
the candle seems to have been almost 80
points. So,
probably news
making it not able to return to fair
value, but
after the news is priced in, the market
eventually makes its way back to the
fair value. Again, the good thing is we
only trade for the first 90 minutes
in the direction of fair value. I hope
this video explained to you exactly why
9:29 a.m. is the most fair price of
Nasdaq futures. In my mentorship, I
teach a lot more specifically about
entry models, exit models, risk
management, and when to be trading.
But, this is definitely enough to get a
good start. Make sure you always have
your bias right to make sure you're
trading in the direction of fair price.
And then, if you dial in your risk
management, you can make a ton of money
trading.